It's May, 1864, and the union has entered its fourth year of war against the Confederacy.
President Abraham Lincoln has fired yet another general, and is looking for an officer who
will take the fight to the rebels.
Enter major general Ulysses S. Grant, the hero of Vicksburg, and the type of general Lincoln
knows which changed the direction of the war in favor of the United States of America.
He noted to the rank of Lieutenant General, Ehrank only held in more time by George
Washington, Lincoln tasked Grant with the job of leading the union troops against the
Confederate Army. Grant wastes no time informing a new aggressive strategy that will
attack the Confederacy from five different directions and take him, the new commander of
the Army of the Potomac, into the field to face General Lee and the Army in Northern Virginia.
Howdy, I'm Kyle Bondo, US Navy veteran, resident of Fredericksburg, Virginia, and
amateur civil war history buff, inviting you to join me for my new podcast, War Game
Key.
Follow me as I explore the history of the American Civil War, beginning with Grant's
Overland campaign of May to June 1864.
Why am I starting in the middle of the war?
Because I live in Fredericksburg, Virginia, where the 40-plus days of fighting started only
a few miles away from my house at the Battle of the Wilderness, and then tore through
my backyard into Spots of Injured House, before concluding E. Some miles away to the south
in Petersburg, Virginia.
To make this podcast, I actually walked the path of destruction from Colpepper to Petersburg,
Virginia, and stood with General Grant and the brave soldiers the Army of the Potomac stood
156 years ago.
I now truly understand what it took to you, Norm, in both courage and sacrifice, to end
slavery once and for all, and ultimately reunite the United States of America for a common
good.
War Game Key, Overland, is my American Civil War history podcast, created by me, Albonda,
and produced by Kaggle Poho.
I hope you can join me as I follow the history of hiding in my own backyard.
Find out more at wargainkey.com.
